new tip for medbay cryotubes (#7561)
cmss13-devs/cmss13: strings/marinetips.txt

If you jump out of a dropship with a parachute on (when there is no paradrop system active), you will land at a random location on the map.
If you push crates out of a dropship when paradropping, it will land near the paradrop drop point.
When paradropping, you can toss any large item (such as a backpack, pouch, or gun) into hyperspace, and it will land near the paradrop drop point. However, smaller items such as flares will not survive the fall.

> Medbay cryotubes will process chemicals in the dead. In a mass-casualty situation, consider injecting the dead with chemicals then putting a few of them in the tubes - letting a single medic heal up to 4 dead marines at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Medbay cryotubes will process chemicals in the dead if Cryoxadone and or Clonexadone is present. In a mass-casualty situation or when a patient has severe injuries, consider injecting the dead with chemicals and put them in the tubes.
```
